to establish that there's an
entire geek side to David Crosby
then I never knew until that
moment so wanted to know was he
able to daycare did he want to
fold this geeky tude into his
music so I asked what has his
passion for science inspired him
as a songwriter let's check it
out I wrote a song with Paul
Kantner from Jefferson Airplane
called having seen the stars
tonight why don't you want to
talk about it you wanna see I
wanna go out to the stores its
humanities test but in order to
communicated I looked at through
the eyes or somebody who was
there on a ship saying hey do
you want to go back and look at
stars with me tonight you know
and talk about their feelings
from a human point of view it's
it's a tough thing you want to
look at the world the universe
out there through someone's eyes
who's feeling something about it
I think you're not communicating
with your tougher to communicate
yeah and so few times one or
more secret life is not an easy
thing to do it's easier to write
about love because we all
experience it because he has
such a wide spectrum of of you
know thing I never thought about
it but that is now so obviously
thing you say it that way it's
because we all feel it or want
to feel it
yeah it always shows up in the
songwriters whereas the winner
for the universe happens to a
person only when they get on a
clear night in a place like the
high desert or out on the ocean
course where i've seen
and they look up in all of a
sudden it comes from them and
they realize wait a minute I'm
standing on the side of a
starting to fall out there
star-struck and there's a reason
there's a name for it because at
that moment they're like that's
the moment I want to try to
communicate I used that image
when I can but it's a much rarer
feeling